CAKE09 - Prediction Admin Operations Agent (#303)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: PancakeSwap-Bots/Prediction-Admin-Operatons/README.md

# Prediction Admin Operations Bot

## Description

This bot detects the following PancakePredictionV2 Admin/Operator event emissions:

- `Pause` event
- `Unpause` event 
- `NewOperatorAddress` event
- `NewAdminAddress` event
- `NewOracle` event 
- `NewTreasuryFee` event 

## Supported Chains

- BSC
 
## Alerts

- CAKE-9-1

	- Fired when a transaction contains a `Pause` event is detected.

	- Severity is always set to "info" 

	- Type is always set to "info"

	- Metadata contains:
		- `time`:  epoch containing this transaction 
		

> - CAKE-9-2
> 
> 	- Fired when a transaction contains a `Unpause` event is detected.
> 
> 	- Severity is always set to "info" 
> 
> 	- Type is always set to "info"
> 
> 	- Metadata contains:
> 		- `time`:  epoch containing this transaction 
> 		
> - CAKE-9-3
> 
> 	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewOperatorAddress` event is detected.
> 
> 	- Severity is always set to "info" 
> 
> 	- Type is always set to "info"
> 
> 	- Metadata contains:
> 		- `address`:  address of new operator  
> 	
> - CAKE-9-4
> 
> 	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewAdminAddress` event is detected.
> 
> 	- Severity is always set to "info" 
> 
> 	- Type is always set to "info"
> 
> 	- Metadata contains:
> 		- `address`:  address of new admin
> 		
> - CAKE-9-5
> 
> 	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewOracle` event is detected.
> 
> 	- Severity is always set to "info" 
> 
> 	- Type is always set to "info"
> 
> 	- Metadata contains:
> 		- `address`:  address of new admin
> 		
> - CAKE-9-6
> 
> 	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewTreasuryFee` event is detected.
> 
> 	- Severity is always set to "info" 
> 
> 	- Type is always set to "info"
> 
> 	- Metadata contains:
> 		- `time`:  epoch containing this transaction 
> 		- `fee`: new treasury fee
> 		
> ## Test Data
> 
> 
> The agent behaviour can be verified with the following transactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Fired when a transaction contains a `Pause` event.
	- Severity is always set to "Info".
	- Type is always set to "Info".
	- Metadata contains:
		- `time`:  epoch containing this transaction 
		
- CAKE-9-2

	- Fired when a transaction contains a `Unpause` event.
	- Severity is always set to "Info".
	- Type is always set to "Info".
	- Metadata contains:
		- `time`:  epoch containing this transaction 
		
- CAKE-9-3

	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewOperatorAddress` event.
	- Severity is always set to "Info".
	- Type is always set to "Info".
	- Metadata contains:
		- `address`:  address of new operator  
	
- CAKE-9-4

	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewAdminAddress` event.
	- Severity is always set to "Info". 
	- Type is always set to "Info".
	- Metadata contains:
		- `address`:  address of new admin
		
- CAKE-9-5

	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewOracle` event.
	- Severity is always set to "Info".
	- Type is always set to "Info".
	- Metadata contains:
		- `address`:  address of new admin
		
- CAKE-9-6

	- Fired when a transaction contains a `NewTreasuryFee` event.
	- Severity is always set to "Info". 
	- Type is always set to "Info".
	- Metadata contains:
		- `time`:  epoch containing this transaction 
		- `fee`: new treasury fee
		
## Test Data

The bot behaviour can be verified with the following transactions:
```
Small readme refac, mostly to follow the team's style
